Bruno o
m
this time on screens
until now compensation for work off the table
that means I can pursue my hobby
the inspirations edges or something to try out what you might later on
could bring into the skin but mainly it is currently about
that the pictures deserve to get finished exhibition
then I am also a bit on the rotate the schedule is one
little
Heritage want everything back there so I would have to be afterwards as well
again
the work
he is
Dr
I decided on this topic
because I have many in the past too
Jerg and smacks content Aware had to
but I would like to portray them now
That's why Hermann Harrer has 15 favorites
compiled my favorites
subtitles
brought to canvas for this exhibition
Dr
in Japan
so inspired
that I thought about it
to donate part of the proceeds of the exhibition to Japan and also has
to give something back
through the journey he made there through the things we do there
experienced and experienced
it was important for me that
Japan in the form again what can return
I'm for critics, so I know this is in many pictures
just important and even if there are clear criticisms
and I hope that people will look at them percent
9 percent saved Tal open for me here
I'm also not a percent of skilled artists studied artists
so that knows everything as well as that must work so so
but the pictures are actually from the first glance to the last picture
created by trying it out
now our second husband has to leave